TFKUBE-449: Troubleshooting and limitation documentation (#232)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: docs/docs/troubleshooting/LIMITATIONS.md

Please ensure that the user running Bitbucket has permission to write to this directory and that file locking is enabled for your network file system.

If this is already the case, please check the logs for more information.
2022-03-22 05:38:46,136 INFO  [spring-startup]  c.a.s.internal.home.HomeLockAcquirer Releasing lock on /var/atlassian/application-data/bitbucket
```

> This only been occasionally observed to happen when scaling pods from 1 to 2. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue is intermittent and is occasionally exhibited when scaling the pod count from `1` to `2`. 
```

> If you pre-seed Bitbucket instance and set bitbucket_replica_count to 2 from the beginning, no issue will occur. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue can be avoided by fully configuring the Bitbucket instance, via `config.tfvars`, and setting the desired node count using `bitbucket_replica_count`. 
```

> Workaround will be to kill both Bitbucket pod and NFS pod, and wait for them to be up again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When encountered, the issue can be resolved by killing the Bitbucket and NFS pods and waiting for them to become available again.
```

### Database

PostgreSQL is the defined database engine for the products and cannot be modified in the configuration. However, users can change the database [instance type](../userguide/configuration/CONFIGURATION.md#database-instance-class) and [storage size](../userguide/configuration/CONFIGURATION.md#database-allocated-storage).

### Domain

> Stick to either domain or no domain for the whole deployment. Switching between domain and no domain is not supported.

Reviewer: Should we add detail on how each option is achieved/configured?
